Pricing links for Agent Builder GA (#2146)
langchain-ai/docs: src/snippets/langsmith/agent-builder-pricing.mdx

## What is an Agent Builder run?

> An Agent Builder Run is a complete invocation of an Agent Builder agent, initiated by the receipt of a message or event, whether triggered automatically or sent manually. An Agent Builder Run includes any message delivered to the agent through configured triggers (including third-party integrations or other connected services) as well as messages sent directly through the Agent Builder user interface (e.g., via the chat interface). An Agent Builder Run is counted if the invocation succeeds or is interrupted. Resuming execution after a human-in-the-loop interruption constitutes a separate Agent Builder Run. An execution failure does not count as an Agent Builder Run.

Reviewer: [opt/nit] Depends how you see latin abbreviation. _via_ is another one that often triggers style rules I've seen
```suggestion
An Agent Builder Run is a complete invocation of an Agent Builder agent, initiated by the receipt of a message or event, whether triggered automatically or sent manually. An Agent Builder Run includes any message delivered to the agent through configured triggers (including third-party integrations or other connected services) as well as messages sent directly through the Agent Builder user interface (for example, via the chat interface). An Agent Builder Run is counted if the invocation succeeds or is interrupted. Resuming execution after a human-in-the-loop interruption constitutes a separate Agent Builder Run. An execution failure does not count as an Agent Builder Run.
```
